Prompt Node Retries Release (#129)
vellum-ai/vellum-client-generator: fern/docs/content/change-log/2024-02.mdx

## Prompt Node Retries
*February 1st, 2024*

> Prompt Nodes in workflows now emit a selectable output for instances of when it errors. Users could use this to now build Vellum Workflow-native retry functionality for your prompts!
> 
> Check out the video below for an example of how this works:

Reviewer: Below is a suggested rewording. Here are some guidelines that might help in writing future updates like this: https://www.notion.so/vellum-ai/Product-Updates-a72a4a34446843b897fbff713e1450e1

```suggestion
You can now detect when a Prompt Node within a Workflow errors by using a Conditional Node. You can also optionally check to see what type of error it is. Using all of this, you can now build out retry logic around Prompt Nodes within your Workflow! This is useful if you want to catch retryable errors (like rate limit errors from an LLM provider) and try making the call to the LLM again.

See a demo of it in action here:
```

Author: God tier reference doc

## Prompt Node Retries
*February 1st, 2024*

Prompt Nodes in workflows now emit a selectable output for instances of when it errors. Users could use this to now build Vellum Workflow-native retry functionality for your prompts!

Check out the video below for an example of how this works:

> https://www.loom.com/share/770a1ac0bbaa4f9d9192d336eb0a191c

Author: gonna try out a few ideas here before shippin'
